Add user verification research results (#347)
passkeydeveloper/passkeys.dev: content/docs/reference/ios.md

<!-- TODO: cross link to generic content about "upgrading to a passkey" -->
To replace a legacy platform credential with a passkey, start a credential registration ceremony and pass **the same user handle** (user.id) in the request. iOS/iPadOS will overwrite the legacy credential with a new passkey that will be backed up to iCloud Keychain.

### User Verification Behavior

> When a user tries to interact with a passkey on iOS or iPadOS, one of screen lock methods is used for user verification. Users can configure a passcode and Touch ID or Face ID as their screen lock.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a user tries to interact with a passkey on iOS or iPadOS, an available screen unlock method is used for user verification. Users can configure a passcode and Touch ID or Face ID as their screen unlock.
```

Both passkey creation and authentication ask for Touch ID or Face ID if one is configured, but fallback to a passcode if they are not. iOS asks the user to configure a passcode (and Touch ID or Face ID) if not yet set up.

#### Safari on iOS / iPadOS 17

- When Touch ID or Face ID are not configured, but a passcode is configured on iOS:
  - The behavior with both `userVerification='required'` and `userVerification='preferred'` are the same: iOS asks for tapping on a "Confirmation" button, then a passcode for both passkey creation and authentication. Since they fail locally if user verification fails, the server can always expect the UV flag to be `true`.

>   - Calling `PublicKeyCredential.isUserVerifyingPlatformAuthenticator()` always returns true.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Calling `PublicKeyCredential.isUserVerifyingPlatformAuthenticatorAvailable()` always returns true.
```

- When a passcode is not configured on iOS:

>   - The behavior with both `userVerification='required'` and `userVerification='preferred'` are the same: iOS asks the user to set up a passcode and the Touch ID or Face ID for both passkey creation and passkey authentication. Since they fail locally before a passcode is configured, the server can always expect the UV flag to be `true`.

Author: How does this sound?

> Since they fail locally, the server can always expect a passcode is already configured and the UV flag to be `true`.

>   - Calling `PublicKeyCredential.isUserVerifyingPlatformAuthenticator()` always returns true.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Calling `PublicKeyCredential.isUserVerifyingPlatformAuthenticatorAvailable()` always returns true.
```
